Implement UDP traffic type (#523)
containous/maesh: docs/content/configuration.md

maesh.containo.us/traffic-type: "http"
```

> This annotation can be set to either `http`, `tcp` or `udp` and will specify the mode for that service operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation can be set to either `http`, `tcp` or `udp` and specifies the mode for that service operation.
```
